NuGet Documentation Migration Emphasis (#6173)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/MRTKNuGetPackage.md

Mixed Reality Toolkit (MRTK) is now available as a NuGet package on NuGet.org. There are some differences when it comes to consuming NuGet version of MRTK as opposed to a .unitypackage, read **NuGet Package Considerations** below. If any issues are encountered, file an issue using this [template](https://github.com/microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Bug,Package%20Management%20-%20NuGet&template=bug-report.md&title=).

> **Note:** Migration of existing projects to consume MRTK as a NuGet package is a support scenario, yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Migration of existing projects to consume MRTK as a NuGet package is not yet supported, use MRTK via nuget only for new projects.
```
